[CUMULUS-2199] Update all rule database writes to write to both Dynamo and RDS (#2012)
nasa/cumulus: CHANGELOG.md

    - `@cumulus/message/workflows/getMessageWorkflowStartTime`
    - `@cumulus/message/workflows/getMessageWorkflowStopTime`
    - `@cumulus/message/workflows/getMessageWorkflowName`
  - **CUMULUS-2199**
    - Added `translateApiRuleToPostgresRule` to `@cumulus/db` to translate API Rule to conform to Postgres Rule definition.

### Changed

- **CUMULUS-2185** - RDS Migration Epic
  - **CUMULUS-2199**

>     - Updated Rules endpoint to write to and delete from RDS if a write to and delete from DynamoDB is successful.

Reviewer: The logic is actually the opposite: the Dynamo write/delete is only attempted if the RDS write/delete is sucessful.
However I don't think the CHANGELOG needs to spell out the exact implementation logic, so I think we can simplify to

```suggestion
    - Updated Rules endpoint to write rules to core PostgreSQL database in addition to DynamoDB and to delete rules from the PostgreSQL database in addition to DynamoDB
```

    - `@cumulus/message/workflows/getMessageWorkflowStartTime`
    - `@cumulus/message/workflows/getMessageWorkflowStopTime`
    - `@cumulus/message/workflows/getMessageWorkflowName`
  - **CUMULUS-2199**

>     - Updated Rules endpoint to write to or delete from RDS if a write to or delete from DynamoDB is successful.

Reviewer: I would put this first note under the "Changed" header in the CHANGELOG
